docs: add new cli builder api guide (#29964)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/cli-builder.md

> # Introducing CLI Builders

Reviewer: could we use a different different title for this? "Angular CLI builders"? "Introducing" would make more sense if we had multiple documents and this was just the intro but that's not the case.

> Angular CLI commands fall into the following three basic categories, which are handled using different underlying tools.

Reviewer: Is this categorization here needed? Only the third category is relevant for the rest of this doc, so while this categorization is useful in general, this doc doesn't seem like the right place for it.

From the users perspective, it seems odd that we starting with this intro and and only a few paragraphs later we explain how it's relevant to the rest of the doc.

            "production": {
              // ... more options...
              "optimization": true,
              "aot": true,
              "buildOptimizer": true
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
  // ...
}

</code-example>

### Adding a target

Let's add a new target that will run our builder to execute a particular command.
This target will tell the builder to run `touch` on a file, in order to update its modified date.

We need to update the `angular.json` file to add a target for this builder to the "architect" section of our new project.

* We'll add a new target section to the "architect" object for our project.

* The target named "touch" uses our builder, which we published to `@example/command-runner`. (See [Publishing your Library](https://angular.io/guide/creating-libraries#publishing-your-library))

* The options object provides default values for the two inputs that we defined; `command`, which is the Unix command to execute, and `args`, an array that contains the file to operate on.

* The configurations key is optional, we'll leave it out for now.

<code-example format="." language="json" linenums="false">

{
  "projects": {

>     builder-test {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "builder-test": {
```

1. **Running**
   For example, webpack compiles. This ends when webpack finishes and your builder emits a `BuilderOutput` object.

1. **Watching**
   Between two runs, watch an external event stream. For example, webpack watches the file system for any changes. This ends when webpack restarts building, and `BuilderContext.reportRunning()` is called. This goes back to step 1.

1. **Completion**
   Either the task is fully completed (for example, webpack was supposed to run a number of times), or the builder run was stopped (using `BuilderRun.stop()`). Your teardown logic is executed, and Architect unsubscribes from your builder’s Observable.

## Summary

The CLI Builder API provides a new way of changing the behavior of the Angular CLI by using builders to execute custom logic.

* Builders can be synchronous or asynchronous, execute once or watch for external events, and can schedule other builders or targets.

* Builders have option defaults specified in the `angular.json` configuration file, which can be overwritten by an alternate configuration for the target, and further overwritten by command line flags.

> * Unit test functions can be used by a builder, but do integration testing for the builder itself, using an instance of Architect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The recommended way for testing Architect builders is using integration tests. Unit tests can be used to validate the logic that the builder executes.
```
